Description

Objective:

To work with streams.

Concept Explanation:

Java stream's distinct() method filters duplicates, retaining unique elements, while count() returns the stream's element count. distinct() relies on equals() for equality, often used to remove duplicates, while count() is a terminal operation that computes the stream's size efficiently. Streams simplify complex data processing tasks and promote code that is easier to understand and maintain.

Concept Implementation:


Streams in Java streamline data processing for collections or arrays. By creating a stream from animal data, duplicates are removed with distinct(). Count() then directly tallies the unique elements, without manual iteration, simplifying code for managing and counting distinct animals.

Scenario:

You are tasked with creating a Java application for managing animal details and calculating distinct animals count based on the user's input.
Functional Requirements:

Retrieve distinct (without duplicates) animal details.

Find the count of distinct animals.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         

Component Specification: Animal (POJO Class) 

Type (Class)   

Attributes   

Methods   

Animal


String animalName

String isDomesticOrWild

String habitat

Getters, Setters, no-argument, and three-argument constructors are given in the code skeleton. 

 

 Note: The class and methods should be declared as public, and all the attributes should be declared as private.    

Component Specification: AnimalUtil

Type (Class)   

Methods   

Responsibilities   

AnimalUtil

public List<Animal> retriveDistinctAnimals(Stream<Animal> animalStream)


This method accepts a Stream of Animal objects as input and returns a List of distinct Animal objects. It accomplishes this by comparing the values of the relevant attributes and overriding the hashcode() and equals() methods.

AnimalUtil


public long countOfTotalDistinctAnimals(Stream<Animal> animalStream)

 

This method takes a Stream of Animals objects as input parameters and returns a count of distinct animals.  It accomplishes this by comparing the values of the relevant attributes and overriding the hashcode() and equals() methods.

 Note: The class and methods should be declared as public, and all the attributes should be declared as private.    

  

Note: 

In the Sample Input / Output provided, the highlighted text in bold corresponds to the input given by the user, and the rest of the text represents the output.  

Ensure to follow the object-oriented specifications provided in the question description.  

Ensure to provide the names for classes, attributes, and methods as specified in the question description. 

Adhere to the code template, if provided.  

Assume that the number of animal details needed to be entered on the list is always a valid positive number. 

Do not use System.exit(0) to terminate the program.

Assume that the animal's details are always valid and case-insensitive. 

 

Sample Input 


Enter the Number of animals

7

Enter the animal details

Lion:Wild:Africa

Tiger:Wild:Asia

Elephant:Wild:Africa

Tiger:Wild:Asia

Cow:Domestic:Worldwide

Horse:Domestic:Worldwide

Elephant:Wild:Africa

Sample Output 

Distinct Animal Details

Lion:Wild:Africa

Tiger:Wild:Asia

Elephant:Wild:Africa

Cow:Domestic:Worldwide

Horse:Domestic:Worldwide

Total Count of Distinct Animals : 5